Who is your celebrity crush?
What is your faviourite YouTube Weejio?
Who do you simp for?
How many girlfriend/boyfriend do you have?
Do you have children in your basement?
Would you rather watch lesbians or furries?
Who do you like the most in this server?
Who do you love the most in this server?
Who do you hate in this server?
Do you miss your ex?
Do you think you're attractive?
What's your fav song?
Cats or dogs?
What's ur favorite food?
What's ur favorite color?
Do you think someone here is attractive?
What type of music do you listen too?
Do you prefer anime or cartoons?
Who is your fav fictional character?
Whose your fav Dream smp Member?
What country do you wanna visit if you can?
What country would you permantly move to?
When was the last time you peed in bed?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told?
Tell us your most embarrassing vomit story.
What is your deepest darkest fear?
What is the most childish thing you still do?
What is something your friends would never expect that you do?
When was the last time you lied?
What is the most embarrassing picture of you?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done?
Have you ever broken the law?
Do you have any fetishes?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever said to anyone?
What’s the biggest misconception about you?
What’s a secret you’ve never told anyone?
What would you do if you were the opposite sex for a week?
What’s the worst time you let someone take the blame for something you did?
What do most people think is true about you, but isn’t?
What’s your biggest regret?
What is the biggest thing you’ve gotten away with?
What is the most embarrassing series of texts you have on your phone?
When was the last time you cried?
What’s your biggest fantasy?
What is the most embarrassing thing in your room?
Do you have a hidden talent?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
What pictures or videos of you do you wish didn’t exist?
What is your biggest regret?
What is the naughtiest thing you’ve done in public?
What is the most expensive thing you have stolen?
What’s something you’re glad your mum doesn’t know about you?
What is something that people think you would never be into, but you are?
What’s the worst intimate experience you’ve ever had?
Have you ever cheated in an exam?
What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What’s the biggest mistake you’ve ever made?
What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve ever done?
Who would you like to kiss in this server?
What’s the worst thing anyone’s ever done to you?
What’s your worst habit?
What’s the strangest dream you’ve had?
Have you ever been caught doing something you shouldn’t have?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
Have you ever shit yourself since you were a child?
What is the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
What’s the most trouble you’ve been in?
What's the worst gift you ever received?
What's your height?
Do you prefer tall or small?
Arts or Music?
Are you good at drawing?
What do you wanna be in the future?
Whose your favorite DJ?
Whose your favorite musician?
Softie or Goth?
Black or White?
What's your nationality?
What fandoms are you in?
What app do you hate the most?
What's your age?
Had you ever have a crush on your classmate?
Whose your favorite TV actor?
Have you ever thought of running away from home?
What's your pronouns?
What's your sexuality?
What's your favorite show theme?
Do you prefer family friendly or more mature content?